 Welcome to the first lecture. This one will be about swing trading, momentum
 effect and the integration of technical indicators for this. Why these three
 topics? Because they are the fundamental basis of what we are going to be doing.
 The definition of swing trading is that of a medium-term trading methodology. A
 long-term one would much more be one of long-term value investing and short-term
 would be trading, day trading, scalping, these things. Now there are many many
 reasons that I believe swing trading is more comfortable for beginners. One of
 them and why I'm bringing it up here is because it's been my maiden project and
 something I've been very fond of. It allows for very low stress while trading.
 I can hold a position but also exit it. When you are in a long-term
 position you are basically married with your trade and often the fallacy kind
 of becomes like oh I'm 65, time to be rich blah blah blah, I have dollar. Now I
 think that's a little silly. While something like day trading I think
 it's a bit too much stress. What swing trading allows you to do is
 still exit a few times a year or like 10, 30 something like this because
 you're going to be holding from weeks to months these things. What method
 will we be using that is the one of trend following. Trend following really
 means you're following these waves. You're swing trading the trend waves
 and you're kind of following them. Those are the things you're kind of using as
 lexicon here to define let's say your mom asks, Ayo son what are you trading? I'm
 trend following my swing trades mama. Don't worry I'm bringing us on the
 Lambo. That's what you're doing right and why would it work? It would work
 because of the momentum effect. The momentum effect is one of the reasons
 why you could say there are lesser forms of efficient market hypothesis.
 Efficient market hypothesis is that weird fairy tale thing that boomers like to
 make up that the market is perfectly works perfectly and everything's
 already priced in for some reason. Now this is really garbage honestly like
 this doesn't work you know like come on please it's a little bit crazy.
 Due to persistence of trend like you can see here people often like to swing
 trade because holding things obviously for a long time as you can see here just
 by you know kind of viewing the market in its structure appears to work out for
 a lot of people. Of course then you want to kind of know like oh how do I time
 that how do I exit that's what's work basically going to be teaching right.
 And the methodological underpinning of that is the momentum effect. The
 momentum effect provides the academic and empirical underpinning for this
 momentum effect kind of describes the tendency of assets with recent
 performance to continue outperforming. So what this kind of means is that
 somewhere the recording was made that momentum implying something like an
 indicator used for this like the absolute momentum indicator which is today's close
 divided by you know yesterday's close or the other way around don't quote me on the
 mat right there it doesn't matter. The differential close between today and
 yesterday that's like the percentage of momentum that's recorded. There are also
 of course other indicators like moving averages or average direction indicator
 or an RSI but this doesn't matter. But anyway you can measure basically a
 difference in price will conclude some kind of measure of momentum and because of
 multiple reasons recent performance can kind of indicate continuing performance.
 And this you know basically proves a persistence and a contradiction to weak forms of this
 efficient market hypothesis and that demonstrates return auto correlation meaning you know
 auto correlation meaning here you can see that these trends have continued. I hope I'm
 explaining it somewhat well but that's the reason why swing trading and following trends works
 in the way they do. There are some explanations for this like behavioral biases such as investors
 underreacting and hurting in their behavior which would then delay like adjustment to new
 information. You also have information diffusion where new data from the news or things like this
 propagate unevenly you know like people from Asia or Oceania or you know some kind of island in
 the middle of the ocean who knows might have this information later or earlier than you
 or some other person who bought the course looked at the upcoming indicator building
 like these moving averages a little later than you and bought later blah blah blah. There are also
 of course market microstructure factors like liquidity constraints fund rebalancing blah
 blah blah because a fund rebalancing would be something like the SPY the S&P they rebalance
 every year things of these things right and liquidity constraints could occur because someone's
 trading NYSE and someone's trading Nifty like Indian exchange and here they have 100 stock to
 give you but here only 99 and 200 want to buy but you know Citadel hasn't you know market made
 themselves into your wallet just yet and blah blah blah right so all these forces will then
 collectively kind of create these paths you know in the price and that's phenomenal the helps and
 basically creates a market environment that then allows swing and trend throttling strategies to
 exist and have an exploitation there in the market and the momentum effect explains kind of why that
 would be explainable for the reasons I just gave you so the behavioral biases of people where you
 know often they will you know fomo in slowly but be fearful when the market crashes as you can see
 with crypto or corona you know like markets crash a whole lot faster than they do usually and that's
 a lot of the reasons why these things happen