 So in the last video I basically said that momentum measures are a measured
 difference from one day to the other causing autocorrelation patterns,
 autocorrelative directions basically into one direction
 that in a cruel created trends that are explained by momentum effect, explained
 by behavioral bias, market misinformation, data misinformation and
 microstructure differences. Now how would you measure that then? That would be
 through technical indicators because they are some of these measures that can
 find you a quantification of the differences of one of the days to another,
 right? Like the absolute momentum filter that takes like yesterday's close, today's
 close, what's the percentual difference between two, maybe take that over, you
 know, over an X amount of bars and then you can find like measures,
 quantifications and these things could then somehow maybe comprise an algorithm
 to be used in a quantitative finance system, right? That's basically what a
 technical indicator is. That's why here I have plotted moving averages, what's a
 moving average? Obviously that's the average outnumber of a certain amount of
 periods, every period is a bar, you know, in this case I'm on the weekly chart,
 and that is here. One week is one bar, if I go to the daily, obviously that
 changes around a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot and then you start having
 something like a 200 day moving average, right? So every day is a bar, 200 days,
 200 bars, 200 day moving average, 200 days of measure giving me that
 autocorrelative pattern of differences to measure the momentum effect to try and
 exploit a trend. That is what I want you to go to bed with. If you can't get that
 into your head, please PM me on Discord to give you the money back. That is
 really, I think the simplest explanation I can give, right? Okay, so technical
 indicators are the measures of the autocorrelative directions measured in
 quantity in number in data value, right? So value being a number given like n is
 200, 200 daily because we're doing daily bars, you have one hour bars, blah,
 blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, that's for the beginners watching and now I want to
 move on to big boy stuff, right? Because I want to come with some evidence here. I
 want to of course not be stuck doing basic terminology at the same time I said
 this would be a beginner's course if you get me, okay? Here's one. This is a
 measure, I've quoted this one in one of my videos before, however, here, 10 day, 20
 day, 50 day, 100 day, 200 day. This paper, by the way, will be leveraged for the
 long run, leveraged for the long run systematic approach of managing risk and
 magnifying returns in stock, Michael a gate, CFA, right? Scrolling back. Here you
 go. SMP annualized volatility above and below moving averages. So again, that
 measure, the technical indicator, technical indicator wise, technical
 measure, the numbers, giving that momentum effect, the auto correlative pattern, blah,
 blah, blah, okay? So here you can see, and this is evidence, this is data analysis,
 of course, you know, they plotted volatility below the 200, the 100, the 50, the 20, and
 the 10. The volatility was higher every time. The volatility was lower above every
 time. Recessions expanding expansions and moving averages, very long back test to
 by the way, look at that window right there. Percentage of time above, a percentage
 of time below 200 days, blue, blue, time above, time above, recession below, like
 that's very bad, right? Like you can see how what I just said, right, which was
 ways to exploit swings and follow trends are these technical indicators, they are
 quite effective at it. But you can see some differing values, right, like 10, 20, you
 know, there's there's there's some differences, right? Apparently, there's, you
 know, certain values here, there are differences here. And that's something very
 important. I just want you to absorb these numbers right now, you can see some
 differences, right? I'm going to try to, you know, upload a certain logic onto your
 brain as we go right now, I'm just trying to convince you that technical
 indicators have some merit to them, you know, here, S&P 500, worst 1% of trading
 days, percentage of time below moving average 1020 again, similar numbers, similar
 but different, similar but different.
 Right. S&P 500 consecutive positive day streaks below very low.
 Positive day streaks two up three up four up. It's all leaning towards one side. It's
 all very definitive towards one side. Here, this is a paper that measured a mom, so the
 difference in percentage. And you can see the charts, right? Here you can see a chart
 where basically none was applied. And then if there was a percentile difference, if there
 was a percentile negative difference, they would exit and you can again see like strong
 reductions. You can see very strong reductions. Now I'm going to move to my own
 chart because these papers, they give you something made by doctorates, not some dude
 making Instagram videos, but they underpin a scientific foundation that I need to give
 you many more papers like that. The momentum effect, one of the contradictions to affection
 market hypothesis is one of the most well studied things. Okay. Like it is one of the
 most well documented things in science. I come to that later, but it's part of why
 alpha does not decay. Here, you can see the difference between the two.
 Here, you can see the well defined trends that occur, measurable with the technical
 indicators and exits that you can start generating when you apply them correctly.
 And the risk that is cut down very much max drawdowns, blah, blah, blah. You can
 really see how here the TIs, the technical indicators are really great measures of trend
 here. But this moves me to the next topic where why certain intervals are not the same
 as the others. As you can see, if I start switching this around, you start seeing some
 shockiness in some of these, you know, you