 Welcome back! Now that we have learned how to kind of understand very simple
 time horizon changes to data, kind of making values more smooth, helping that
 auto-correlative aspect of momentum factor, right? Synergistic things
 together, understanding what works on what time frame and you know what is
 proper for swing trading, improving basically raw data input. We're now
 going to go to the part or the theoretical part of how I have treated
 the data being inputted into a formula. Now, technical indicators have many
 different formulas. You have absolute momentum which is the previous days
 close compared to today in percential difference dependent on n, you know that
 can be 20, 30, 60 blah blah blah nobody cares. Moving averages and
 crossover are more like a ratio. You can also have it as a comparison into
 regular price, you know, you can have price crossover and ma as a by rule, you
 can have double crossover averages in this course. I'm actually going to
 explain using triples which is different because the dynamic of every
 indicator kind of changes but how do you optimize that? How do you improve the
 final values that are comprising your trading rules, the decision-making, how
 does that comprise of the algorithm? The answer is a grid search. Now, the point I
 was making at the end of the video was the one of the optimal value for the
 best strat. Now, there are some caveats, right? You need good values but not too
 good. You can do things like overfit your values but that's for a different
 video. Right now I'm just going to explain how to get to a good value, right?
 And how to get to a good value is very much about the amazing principle that's
 called throw it at the wall and you know, Google EI see what sticks. Quite
 literally, that's you throw it at the wall and you see what sticks. You'd be
 surprised how scientifically valid that one is. It's actually a whole thing they
 do in machine learning called the model selection phase. Where they
 will quite literally take like certain decision trees, gradient boosters,
 analogizers, logicizers, and see what happens and see what works. There's
 really a lot of variables in science so you really just start testing a lot.
 Kind of like a doctor, kind of starts pulling your ear to see if it hurts or
 not. Whether it's down to that soft bone thing or like skin tissue or whatever.
 You know? And that's why we will also quite literally be throwing these little
 data values in a grid search. Now, you kind of already see a little grid here.
 You know, you can see it here. I think in the video I did on YouTube I drew it in
 a little bit less of a nice way. But you can make a grid, you know? And this grid
 will then kind of hold every possible combination. This was a way more useful
 way to do it. Okay, so you get it, right? And a grid search just for analogy. I'm
 just going to be making a little grid now, right? But imagine this is our grid
 here in the middle, right here. Every little box would have a certain
 combination of values. So let's say we have the 200 MA, right? We have, no,
 no, I mean, sorry, the double MA crossovers. So you would have the long,
 the slow one, which would be the 200 in its default parameter, or the fast one,
 which is usually the 50. I've already displayed to you in the last video that
 when you change out those values, the outcome changes, right? But that would
 suggest that you could also, you know, throw it at the wall and see what sticks.
 So maybe in one of the grids, you would start testing 50 and 200. Maybe in this
 one, you would do 50, 50, and 201, 202 with 50, 203 with 50. And all of them
 would output their certain values, you would then go 51, and 250, and, you
 know, 201, blah, blah, blah, blah, no, 51 and 201, blah, blah, blah. And that's
 how you would start doing all of the combinations possible. All of them would
 output their respective different values. And all of them would give their
 different outcomes. That's the very basic premise of a grid search. It's
 literally throwing all these different data values at the problem to try and
 find the results, right? Because something like measuring or assessing, like kind
 of based on feeling like a magician would like, no, no, I need, I need water
 to spell because enemies fire. This doesn't really exist, right? There's too
 many components often in the market, you know, like, I was just explaining to you
 earlier, you know, like the macro economy, the changes here, it's non stationary.
 People are buying more this year, less this year, we're in a bull run, we're in
 a bear run. That's why quite literally, the philosophy of throw it at the wall
 and see what sticks is so ever powerful. And that's what you do. So you can come
 up to something that's grid searched like this strategy. And the treatment of
 data becomes pretty good. Let me just clean this little thing up for a second.
 Okay, wait, you may stay. Okay, they don't look that messy. But the MacD lines, I
 don't like that. This, this, this, this. Just wanted to look a little clean.
 Trayton chart. Yes. Okay, so this is very good. But problems start occurring when
 I throw it at the wall for one asset. It's that it wouldn't work on other assets,
 which is actually also, wait, no, let me get something with less correlation.
 Like this, right? This is why you grid search and throw it at the wall for one
 particular thing. Wait, it's still loading. Okay, right, you saw the back test
 on the other one, it didn't work. This is why you throw it at the wall for this
 scenario, because the values here are then treated well for, which is would then
 also kind of reinforce the theory of throw it at the wall that's and see what
 sticks because then you can actually see what's working in that scenario very
 well if you catch my drift there. Right. So here you can see proper treatment of
 the data. You can see entry. Actually, I think I might have removed a little bit
 too much data here. Signal labels. Oh, wait, it was different ticker. I'm being
 derpy right now. Okay, so here. Okay, so here you can see actual proper treatment
 of that data, right? And here you would have seen not proper treatment of that,
 right? You can see how unoptimized parameters are creating something that
 doesn't. Sorry, I needed something that's uncorrelated. Here you can see
 unproper treatment of the data like you saw on the lower timeframes in the last
 video that create very, you know, bad signals. And that's why this is fact
 confirmation of throw it at the wall, see what sticks and why it works. However,
 the few catches to that are that it needs to not overfit. And why these are good
 values and not perfect values.