 Okay, welcome to one of the more personal theory parts of this.
 And that's the one where I want to kind of explain ensembles of technical indicators.
 Now an ensemble is like a combination of different things.
 In the exact application of what at least I'm teaching you, it's combining indicators to reduce overfitting and to increase robustness.
 By using multiple indicators like a triple moving average, three x exponential moving average,
 and a moving average converging divergence, MACD.
 They work similar to an ensemble model in machine learning, which involves boosting,
 bagging, stacking different signals. What that matters does not matter unless you are a practicing dog.
 Okay, each indicator of this captures different aspects of price behavior and their uncorrelated
 errors average out that reduce variance and make a combined signal that's more stable and generalizable.
 So for example, the triple moving average has lines that move around like this and together they can cross over,
 helping each other adjust to fast snappy movements of the market.
 The MACD measures more trend momentum and strength and is slower to react,
 but better at confirming genuine market moves.
 When combined, the triple exponential moving average with the TEMA, they will kind of,
 let's say correct each other's flaws. So the EMA is more responsive to tiny moves
 and the MACD is more about a range being measured that will give a certain kind of strength somewhere given.
 Okay, and they help correct the, let's say inherent flaws that technical indicators have,
 which is either false or delayed signals, which the late signals can be basically corrected by
 any other one of them having a proper treatment of data via grid search,
 reacting to something earlier or exiting later, something like this.
 So either snapping out by false or delayed signal, because just in that certain case,
 their generalization was so strong that they were able to react to that new input of data
 accordingly in that case. That's why having sometimes two, actually that's why I do recommend,
 I think two is better. You can have three, maybe even four, though when you start just,
 like you can't obviously just keep adding them because at that point it starts either
 over trade, maybe even under trade, and it starts averaging out too much, right? Like
 there's a sweet spot there somewhere, but that's like when you start testing. And this really,
 what I'm telling you right now is the bread and butter of this whole strategy here.
 You can see here I've plotted TQQ, T-E-A-T-E-M-A-C-D, meaning triple exponential moving average,
 M-A-C-D, movement MACD, right? Those two are constituting this triple NASDAQ, so this is
 triple QQQ, triple NASDAQ, and are giving you these honestly fucking insane measures right here,
 which results in a very clean equity curve up, very low draw, equity draw down, all things
 considered, a strong, healthy, profitable trades amount. It's not over or under trading, I would say
 the P&L is extremely good if you look at the buying hold returns there far below.
 If you take my Bitcoin one that I have made with similar methodology, you see how basically
 it's also very effective, draw down is very low, sharp is very healthy,
 max equity draw down is 28.92%. It differs a little bit here in this table. This table here is
 not something I programmed, but this is more like the sharp and sortino ratios are closer.
 I'm mostly showing this in a visual because I haven't dived into the notebook just yet,
 but just know that TradingView obviously is a very big company and calculates things a little bit
 differently. If you start looking at some TradingView metrics here, you will see that sharp ratio,
 like when you go here, it's actually really a weird number, though the sortino ratio is normal,
 but that's because there's a lot of different type of frames and there's a lot of forum threats
 about TradingView, calculating things weirdly, eye digress, in fact, there'll be tea, it's fine
 because it's an open source Python library and TradingView isn't. I'm mostly doing this to look
 at things like spacing of trade, experimenting and visualizing things quick and showing you how
 these things work. The robustness and helping the overfitness not happen with two different
 indicators, let's say you have indicator A and B help because let's say you have one that's like
 slightly overfit and the other one isn't, they kind of become self-correcting by having a buy
 and entry statements that can correct each other. In the same way that a false or a noise-based
 delayed signal, sorry, a noise-based false signal or delayed signal can be corrected by the other
 one, it's accompanying twin can also, even when you don't know it, cancel out other trades because
 either you have buying rules that are set up up on by an OR statement or an N statement
 or a majority statement, it really depends on how you build things. I personally
 prefer the flexibility of OR statements. When we start diving deeper into notebooks, that's often
 what it's going to be, but that's kind of like a kind of introduction of like the actual code
 that I'm giving you. So by corrective measure of each other, these pieces of code, they increase
 the robustness, if they survive out of sample, they also improve the scores a lot, if they have
 good methodology that works with each other, like the sudden movements and snaps from the
 three moving averages work quite well and the confirmations of trends from MACD can work quite
 well. There's often other indicators that will work better for some assets. If you think about
 something like gold, which I've displayed to you before, to be more of a mean reverting-based
 asset, it might work better with an RSI. If it's more trendy, like the NASDAQ or Bitcoin
 trend-based indicators like MACD, like moving averages, like ADX, these things work better,
 you can also make different buy rules. You can kind of turn an RSI into a good trend indicator if
 you define the buy rule to be at 50, to buy below the 50 value. That's because RSI is a value that
 ranges from 100 to zero and sometimes people will have that bought or sell oversold area at 1730,
 but they will sometimes set buy rules at these points, but you can also set it at the middle
 point at 50, which is again different. It's all about tweaking and being creative with these things
 and that's why in one of the earlier parts I kind of used the statement throw it at the wall and see
 what sticks. As long as it can survive out of sample testing in many cases and can survive a
 sensitivity analysis, another thing that we will be covering later in the notebook, like an actual
 technical rundown, as long as it can survive those things and the out of sample testing size is
 adequate, like at least 30, in some cases maybe 40%. I would say that's probably better if you start
 testing for very volatile things because the proclivity for heavy drawdowns and mistakes to happen.